Frontpage expansion (and devguide and migrations section) (#5935)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/getting_started/prepare_schema.mdx

Ensure you exclude `FOREIGN KEY`, `REFERENCES`, `CHECK`, `CASCADE` and `EXCLUDE` constraints from the DDL before importing the schema to the target database.

### Other migrations

For data migrations from Postgres, EDB recommends using [EDB Migration Toolkit](/migration_toolkit/latest/) to manage the schema. MTK's [offline migration](/migration_toolkit/latest/07_invoking_mtk/08_mtk_command_options/#offline-migration-options) capability provides an easy way to extract a database's schema and separate constraints.

Ensure you exclude `FOREIGN KEY`, `REFERENCES`, `CHECK`, `CASCADE` and `EXCLUDE` constraints from the DDL before importing the schema to the target database.

## Importing your schema to the target database

After you have prepared the DDL, and excluded `FOREIGN KEY`, `REFERENCES`, `CHECK`, `CASCADE` and `EXCLUDE` constraints, connect to the target database and import the SQL-formatted DDL file.

Importing the schema to the target database before the migration takes place is important as EDB DMS only migrates data. The target database must have the schemas in place for the migration to populate them with data.

> You can use different methods to import the schemas. You can manually create them in the target database, you can perform a [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (for example, if you used [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) to obtain the schemas), you can employ [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/pgadmin4/latest/index.html), [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/7.0/app-psql.htm) or the tool of your preference.

Reviewer: Agree, this is a bit difficult to phrase, because it is important to separate the import from export, so the customer can manually discard the unsupported constraints as an in-between step. MP and MTK can do this a different levels, depending on the mode they use (online/offline). Let me try to rephrase this according to what you suggested and what I know based on the docs. Let me know what you think: 

```suggestion
You can use different methods to import the schemas.

If you used Migration Portal to export an Oracle source schema, continue using it to [import the schema in offline or online mode](/migration_portal/latest/04_mp_migrating_database/03_mp_schema_migration/#mp_schema_migration).

If you used Migration Toolkit to export a Postgres source in offline mode, execute the generated [offline migration script to start the import](/migration_toolkit/latest/07_invoking_mtk/08_mtk_command_options/#offline-migration-options). 

Other alternatives to import Postgres schemas include manually creating the schemas in the target database, performing a [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (for example, if you used [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) to obtain the schemas), or employing [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/pgadmin4/latest/index.html), [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/7.0/app-psql.htm) or the tool of your preference.
```

> You can use different methods to import the schemas. You can manually create them in the target database, you can perform a [pg_restore](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgrestore.html) (for example, if you used [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) to obtain the schemas), you can employ [pgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/docs/pgadmin4/latest/index.html), [psql](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/7.0/app-psql.htm) or the tool of your preference.

Reviewer 2: I think your proposed change is better.
